Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#8016)
Kong/kong: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Kong :monkey_face:

Hello, and welcome! Whether you are looking for help, trying to report a bug,

> thinking about getting involved in our projects, or about to submit a patch, this

Reviewer: Please change this back, this document only concerns itself with a single project - the Kong Gateway.

```suggestion
thinking about getting involved in the project, or about to submit a patch, this
```

document is for you! It intends to be both an entry point for newcomers to

> the community (with various technical backgrounds), and a guide/reference too for

Reviewer: I don't think we should use "too" here.
```suggestion
the community (with various technical backgrounds), and a guide/reference for
```

### Enterprise Edition

> If you are a Kong Enterprise customer, you can contact the Enterprise Support channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a Kong Enterprise customer, you may contact the Enterprise Support channels
```

by opening an Enterprise support ticket on
[https://support.konghq.com](https://support.konghq.com/).

> If you are experiencing a P1 issue, kindly call us at the [24/7 Enterprise Support

Reviewer: Please change this back. The Enterprise Support team isn't necessarily the same as "Us", the authors of this document. They are related but not exactly the same thing.

```suggestion
If you are experiencing a P1 issue, please call at the [24/7 Enterprise Support
```

phone line](https://support.konghq.com/hc/en-us/articles/115004921808-Telephone-Support)
for immediate assistance, as published in the Customer Success Reference Guide.

> If you are interested in becoming a Kong Enterprise customer, feel free to visit

Reviewer: Kindly change this back, please. That particular phrase was carefully chosen.

```suggestion
If you are interested in becoming a Kong Enterprise customer, please to visit
```

currently part of this repository are there because of historical reasons, but
will be pushed into separate repositories in the foreseeable future.

If you are interested in writing a new plugin for your own needs, you should begin by
reading the [Plugin Development
Guide](https://docs.konghq.com/latest/plugin-development).

> If you have already wrote a plugin, and are thinking about making it available to

Reviewer: This phrase is broken, please change it back.
```suggestion
If you already wrote a plugin, and are thinking about making it available to
```
